https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-14538 (#7221)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: release_notes/known_issues_console.adoc

When you use an external identity provider to log in to {acm-short}, you might not be able to log out of {acm-short}. This occurs when you use {acm-short}, installed with IBM Cloud and Keycloak as the identity providers.

You must log out of the external identity provider before you attempt to log out of {acm-short}.

[#cluster-id-ocm-console]
== Issues with entering the _cluster-ID_ in the OpenShift Cloud Manager console

> //2.11:10651

Author: ```suggestion
//2.12:10651
```

> If you did not access the `cluster-ID` in the OpenShift Cloud Manager console, you can still get a description of your {rosa} `cluster-ID` from the terminal. You need to ROSA CLI. See link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_openshift_service_on_aws/4/html/rosa_cli/rosa-get-started-cli#rosa-get-started-cli[Getting started with the {rosa} CLI] documentation.

Reviewer: You need _a_ ROSA CLI  or You need _the_ ROSA CLI

You need to _access_ ROSA _through the CLI. 

It seems to me something's missing with "You need to ROSA CLI"

Reviewer: Also, should it be {rosa} CLI like it is in the link and on line 111?

Reviewer: I don't think it's necessary, but I see you wrote out "command line interface" on line 111. If you're going to do that, do it here:

You need the {rosa} command line interface (CLI). See < link >

Author: I wrote it out like this because this is how its presented from the ROSA docs

> If you did not access the `cluster-ID` in the OpenShift Cloud Manager console, you can still get a description of your {rosa} `cluster-ID` from the terminal. You need to ROSA CLI. See link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_openshift_service_on_aws/4/html/rosa_cli/rosa-get-started-cli#rosa-get-started-cli[Getting started with the {rosa} CLI] documentation.

Author: ```suggestion
If you did not access the `cluster-ID` in the OpenShift Cloud Manager console, you can still get a description of your {rosa} `cluster-ID` from the terminal. You need the {rosa} command line interface. See link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_openshift_service_on_aws/4/html/rosa_cli/rosa-get-started-cli#rosa-get-started-cli[Getting started with the {rosa} CLI] documentation.
```

> To get the `cluster-ID`, run the following command from the {rosa} command line interface:

Reviewer: Since we've already used CLI (and especially if you spell it out on line 109) I don't think we need to write it out again. 

...run the following command from the {rosa} CLI:

Author: I decided to write it out
